Problems

1. The current issue with the 7 day forecast is the following--> General

2. Dates are not updated into the graph. Can I integrate dates into the training? --> Done

3. The final 7 predictions to the 7 day forecast seems to be missing. Could that be an issue with how the 
data is split and divided? --> Done, applying the dates with the graph helped resolve this issue.

4. One consideration I didn't think of. I have it configured so that a time series of 20 is used to predict 1 to 7 days ahead. 
I only properly recorded the days for seven days ahead. How do i account foe this in the other days? --> Done, will now compare a 7 day prediction
vs a 7th day prediction

5. I need to see how dates are handled considering that each prediction has seven dates, ranging from 1 to seven days into the future. -->Done

6. Im sure the dates are incorrect due to this seven day b.s.--> Done

7. How is mean suared error calcualted. Will ask chat gpt about this. --> done

8. Can i calcualte RMSE for all seven days? --> done 

9. Im thinking that the implementation in which only the seventh day variable is predicted might be more accurate than its 7 day
individual implementation.--> done, early testing seems to indicate that both solution are not predicting well enough for profit. 

10. I just Realized!, is the training happening to all seven dates? That could explain the odd skewing thats occuring
if the training is happening on one date. --> done, the skewing was the result of different size graphs appearing to have skewed.

11. Need to compare the single date trained model with the multiple date trained model. This should be interesting.--> Done, not much difference. 

12. Now we need to see how i can improve the lag between 7 day predictions and the original values. Options to include is either 
hyperparameter optimization or/and using a different types of recurrent neural network. Perhaps look into alternative machine learning paradigms
such as LSTM and Transformers and models with attention mechanisms. 

---------

Solutions

1. before i solve problem 3, let's see if i can put the dates appropriately into the graph. Then i will go about solving problem
2 to solve the last values of the graph.--> Done

2a. To solve the issue between problems 4 to 6, I need to record the dates for 7 outcomes ranging from 1 to 7. 
I'm thinking maybe i need to apply data structures of data structures. --> List of lists
One data structure will house the last day of the look back sequence, and then conncected to that date, would be the following 
seven predicted dates. --> instead of indexed by dates, it's just indexed by the proper date amounts.--> Done

2b. First, lets ask chatgpt to see what solution it should implement by pasting the function, and bringing up the fact that only the 
final of the seven dates are being recorded. If it doesn't make something good, then i will apply 2c.--> Done

2c. Have chatgpt apply the solution from 2a. -->Done

3a. I will now attempt to resolve problems 9 and 10 by training on dates individually. 
First training day 7. And then seeing if the accuracy is much better.--> Done

3b. a solution i'm considering is altering the function so that i can put in a forcast number and it will output exlcusively data 
and dates accordingly. --> Done